---
layout: post
title: Part 1, Learn about the trees of Copenhagen
---
<span style="font-size:0.8em;">This webpage is built as a part of the course Social Data Analysis and Visualization at DTU during the spring semester of 2020. </span>
<span style="font-size:0.8em;">
For more information on the work behind the webpage including an [explainer notebook](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/KristianBreddam/02806/blob/master/Final_Project/Explainer%20Notebook.ipynb) go to the ‘About’ page. </span>

<span style="font-size:0.8em;">The authors of the page are Andreas Kaae, Jesper Dybkjær and Kristian Nissen Breddam. </span>

*********

Have you ever walked the streets of Copenhagen and looked up at all the trees and thought to yourself “Wow, this is so interesting!”? If not, then you are just like most of us. 

Many people like the trees in Copenhagen and  enjoy them without ever really given them any thought. 
That is why we wanted to take a seemingly incomprehensible dataset of the trees of Copenhagen municipality and turn it into something interesting and maybe even useful!

The trees you will see on this page are only the trees which are on communal roads in the municipality of Copenhagen (which does not include Frederiksberg). 
This means that the trees in some of the parks such as ‘Kalvebod fælled’, ‘Botanisk Have’ and ‘Kongens Have’ are not included, so when looking at results and conclusions remember to take this into account! 

**Most of the visualization on the page are interactive**, so we strongly encourage you to interact with the visualizations to explore the trees of Copenhagen as you like!

The map below illustrates the 10 neighbourhoods of Copenhagen municipality color coded by the amount of trees.

{% include MapNeighbourhoodsOnly.html %}

<span style="font-size:0.9em;">**Insight:** *The map shows that the neighbourhood with the most amount of trees are Østerbro and Bispebjerg. To get more information about a specific neighborhood hold the cursor over a neighbourhood.*</span>

Play around with the visualization below, to get a better understanding of the different neighbourhoods and where they differ. 
{% include bar1interactive.html %}

With our new found knowledge, the question is which neighbourhood in Copenhagen you want to live in if you prefer to be surrounded by trees? See the visualization below and use your cursor to gain the full insight.  

{% include bar2-1.html %}
<span style="font-size:0.9em;">**Insight:** *If you are the kind of person who prefer to have the trees to yourself, it shows that the best place to live is Bispebjerg. Bispebjerg has approximately double the amount of trees per 100 citizens compared to four of the other neighbourhoods.* 
</span>
{% include bar2-2.html %}
<span style="font-size:0.9em;">**Insight:** *If you on the other hand are the kind of person who likes to have many trees close to you then Nørrebro by far is the best place to live. Closely followed by Bispebjerg with Amager, Brønshøj-Husum and Valby being the least desirable places to live.* 
</span>
{% include bar2-3.html %}

<span style="font-size:0.9em;">**Insight:** *Lastly if you are the kind of person who cares about getting value for your money then the place where you get the most trees for your buck (trees per 1000 DKK square meter price) is once again Bispebjerg.*</span>



A neighbourhood like Østerbro which has a large overall proportion of the trees is interestingly not that desirable, according to the measurements above due to its relatively large area, high population and expensive prices. However, Østerbro has come a long way within the last 10 years. See the following visualization. 

{% include bar3PlantedYear.html %}

<span style="font-size:0.9em;">**Insight:** *The graph shows that more than 3.000 trees have been planted in Østerbro from 2010 to 2020.*</span>
<span style="font-size:0.9em;">
*The increase is almost double the amount of the increase in Valby and almost ten times the increase in Brønshøj-Husum.*</span>
<span style="font-size:0.9em;">*The reason might be due to the rapid development projects of streets and areas around Østerbro as well as an increased awareness of the benefits that trees contribute to neighborhoods and its citizens.* </span>
<span style="font-size:0.9em;">
*Especially the areas a bit north of Fælledparken namely Tåsing plads and Sankt Kjelds Plads have been developed. Interact with the maps on the next page and see it for yourself.*</span>

 

Explore the interactive maps on the next page.


[Next page]({{ site.baseurl }}/part2).