---
layout: post
title: Learn about the trees of Copenhagen Part 3
---
This webpage is built as a part of the course Social Data Analysis and Visualization at DTU during the spring semester of 2020. For more information on the work behind the webpage go to the ‘About’ page. The authors of the page are Andreas Kaae, Jesper Dybkjær and Kristian Nissen Breddam. 


Have you ever walked down the streets of Copenhagen and looked up at all the trees and thought to yourself “Wow, this is so interesting!”? If not, then you are just like us. We like the trees in Copenhagen and we enjoy them but we’ve never really given them much thought. That is why we wanted to take a seemingly boring dataset about the Trees of Copenhagen municipality and turn it into something interesting and maybe even useful!
The trees you will see on this page are only the trees which are on communal roads in the municipality of Copenhagen (which does not include Frederiksberg). This means that the trees in some of the parks such as ‘Kalvebod fælled’, ‘Botanisk Have’ and ‘Kongens Have’ are not included, so when looking at results and conclusions remember to take this into account! Most of the graphs on the page are interactive, so we strongly encourage you to interact with our visualizations to explore the trees of Copenhagen as you like!

To begin with the map below illustrates the 10 districts of Copenhagen municipality color coded by the amount of trees. The intensity indicates the amount of trees in the neighborhood. 
{% include MapNeighbourhoodsOnly.html %}
The map shows that the district with the most amount of trees are Østerbro and Bispebjerg. To get more information about a specific neighborhood hold the cursor over a district or check out the next graph. 
{% include dataExplorationInteractive.html %}

The graph shows the population, area, amount of trees and average square meter price of buying an apartment for each of the districts. The graph reveals that while Bispebjerg is the district with the most trees but also has one of smallest areas and lowest square meter prices in Copenhagen. It also shows that Nørrebro by far is the smallest area of Copenhagen but also has one of the highest populations and square meter prices. Amager vest by far has the largest proportion of the area in Copenhagen but a very small number of trees, however remember that these are only the trees next to communal roads so the true number of trees at Amager Vest is assumed to be bigger. OBS ved ikke rigtigt hvad jeg skal skrive til den her graf, syntes det hurtigt bliver meget beskrivende og kedeligt… Man skal måske prøve at connecte den med grafen under for at der er en rød tråd

The question is now which district in Copenhagen you should live in if you love trees. This question is not so simple to answer as it depends on what kind of person you are. If you are the kind of person who really likes to have your favorit tree all to yourself the graph below to the left shows that the best place to live is Bispebjerg. In Bispebjerg there are 15 trees per 100 citizens while if you live in Nørrebro you will only have 8.4 trees per 100 citizens. If you on the other hand are the kind of person who really likes to have many trees close to you then the graph to the right might help you. It reveals that Nørrebro by far is the best place to live as you will have 1651.2 trees per km^2 followed by Bispebjerg at 1215.9 trees per. km^2. 
 
Great, but how do these features relate to the number of trees, where is the largest?
{% include TreesPer100People.html %}
{% include TreesPerKM2.html %}
De her plots skal nok ændres, mangler den med peng

If you are more the kind of person who cares about money then the graph above is your answer. It shows that the place where you get the most trees for your buck (trees per 1000 DKK square meter price) is once again Bispebjerg. So our advice would be to move to Bispebjerg if trees are really important to you. A district like Østerbro which has a large overall proportion of the trees is interestingly not that desirable, according to our measures, with regard to trees due to its relatively large area, high population and expensive prices. However, Østerbro has come a long way within the last 10 years. The graph below shows that more than 3.000 trees have been planted in Østerbro from 2010 to 2020 increasing the desire for tree lovers to settle in Østerbro drastically. The increase is almost more than double the amount than in Valby which is the second most invested in the district and ten times as many trees as in Brønshøj-Husum at the bottom. 

{ PLOT med plantede træer fra 2010-2020}

The reason can be due to the rapid development projects of the streets and areas around Østerbro as well as an increased awareness of the benefits that trees contribute to neighborhoods and its citizens. Especially the areas a bit north of Fælledparken namely Tåsing plads and Sankt Kjelds Plads have been developed. 


Copenhagen is blessed with a large variety of tree types throughout the city which the map below illustrates. In the map all the trees of Copenhagen have been plotted and color coded accordingly to the tree family name. By clicking on the tree types the trees will appear and disappear from the map allowing you to explore your favorite tree type. The toolbar below the map further allows you to zoom in at a place which looks interesting.

{% include allTrees.html %}

In the map it can be  noticed that alot of the dots are green, these are all the ‘Not registered’ trees meaning that it is unknown what kind of tree it is. The map also shows many large clusters of trees for example around Assistent Kirkegaarden in Nørrebro or at Bispebjerg Kirkegaard in Bispebjerg. 
 showing that some of the parks of Copenhagen are included. 

A large part of the trees are labeled as ‘Not registered’ meaning that it is unknown what kind of tree it is

.
 but if you are not the kind of person who is good at remembering exactly what kind of tree is placed where we 

Here we have all trees with not registered muted
{% include allTrees.html %}
{% include StackedBarchart2.html %}
Bio diversitet følsomhed. 
Heg har det godt



Herunder er der tilføjet af Jesper (side to af hjemmesiden):
With this newly generated interest for trees, we hope that you will have us with you on your next stroll around in your neighbourhood, or if you want to explore trees that you have never recognised before. Here is a list of great, interesting and maybe surprising targets for your next citywalk. 

Visit the oldest trees of Copenhagen

Say hello to the most lonely tree in Copenhagen

Which trees in your neighbourhood are having a sponsor?

Visit the trees that of some kind are special because of the botanical interest, historical importance or ownership. 


The city walk your ancestors would choose. 
Even though Copenhagen is a city that is under constant development, some trees have managed to stay in shape and are still with us today. You can visit trees that the ancestors to your ancestors once planted and have been looked for ever since. There are trees that have experienced the growth of Copenhagen in more than 200 years. Go explore them yourself by inspecting this map below and plan your next city walk. 
{% include OldestTree.html %}

The city walk to your lonely friend.
We all know the feeling of being lonely. You need friends and family around you to keep you happy. Is this the same for trees? Who knows? But you can now make sure that you have done your part by go on an adventure and visit some of the most lonely trees in the municipality of Copenhagen. 
{% include LonliestTree.html %}

The city walk money can buy.
Why is the so many trees in Copenhagen? Most of them are planted and managed by the TMF (Teknisk miljø forvaltning) within the municipality of Copenhagen. Some however are planted with a higher purpose. A few street trees are donated to the city of Copenhagen. Go out and explore what trees are donated nearby you. 
{% include DonorTree.html %}

The city walk that is special.
XXXXXXX
{% include SpecialTree.html %}


[Previous page]({{ site.baseurl }}/part2).