---
layout: post
title: Learn about the trees of Copenhagen Part 2
---
Copenhagen is blessed with a large variety of tree types throughout the city which the map below illustrates. In the map all the trees of Copenhagen have been plotted and color coded accordingly to the tree family name. By clicking on the tree types the trees will appear and disappear from the map allowing you to explore your favorite tree type. The toolbar below the map further allows you to zoom in at a place which looks interesting.

{% include allTrees.html %}

In the map it can be  noticed that alot of the dots are green, these are all the ‘Not registered’ trees meaning that it is unknown what kind of tree it is. The map also shows many large clusters of trees for example around Assistent Kirkegaarden in Nørrebro or at Bispebjerg Kirkegaard in Bispebjerg. 
 showing that some of the parks of Copenhagen are included. 

A large part of the trees are labeled as ‘Not registered’ meaning that it is unknown what kind of tree it is

.
 but if you are not the kind of person who is good at remembering exactly what kind of tree is placed where we 

Here we have all trees with not registered muted
{% include allTrees.html %}
{% include StackedBarchart2.html %}
Bio diversitet følsomhed. 
Heg har det godt



Herunder er der tilføjet af Jesper (side to af hjemmesiden):
With this newly generated interest for trees, we hope that you will have us with you on your next stroll around in your neighbourhood, or if you want to explore trees that you have never recognised before. Here is a list of great, interesting and maybe surprising targets for your next citywalk. 

Visit the oldest trees of Copenhagen

Say hello to the most lonely tree in Copenhagen

Which trees in your neighbourhood are having a sponsor?

Visit the trees that of some kind are special because of the botanical interest, historical importance or ownership. 


The city walk your ancestors would choose. 
Even though Copenhagen is a city that is under constant development, some trees have managed to stay in shape and are still with us today. You can visit trees that the ancestors to your ancestors once planted and have been looked for ever since. There are trees that have experienced the growth of Copenhagen in more than 200 years. Go explore them yourself by inspecting this map below and plan your next city walk. 
{% include OldestTree.html %}

The city walk to your lonely friend.
We all know the feeling of being lonely. You need friends and family around you to keep you happy. Is this the same for trees? Who knows? But you can now make sure that you have done your part by go on an adventure and visit some of the most lonely trees in the municipality of Copenhagen. 
{% include LonliestTree.html %}

The city walk money can buy.
Why is the so many trees in Copenhagen? Most of them are planted and managed by the TMF (Teknisk miljø forvaltning) within the municipality of Copenhagen. Some however are planted with a higher purpose. A few street trees are donated to the city of Copenhagen. Go out and explore what trees are donated nearby you. 
{% include DonorTree.html %}

The city walk that is special.
XXXXXXX
{% include SpecialTree.html %}


[Next page]({{ site.baseurl }}/part3).

[Previous page]({{ site.baseurl }}/part1).




