---
layout: post
title: Learn about the trees of Copenhagen
---
This webpage is build as a part of the course Social Data Analysis and Visualization at DTU during the spring semester of 2020. For more information on the work behind the webpage go to the ‘About’ page. The authors of the page are Andreas Kaae, Jesper Dybkjær and Kristian Nissen Breddam. 

Have you ever walked down the streets of Copenhagen and looked up at all the trees and thought to yourself “Wow, this is so interesting!”? If not, then you are just like us. We like trees and we enjoy them but we’ve never really given them much thought. That is why we wanted to take a seemingly boring dataset about the Trees of Copenhagen municipality and turn it into something interesting and maybe even useful! 
The trees you will see on this page are only the trees which are on communal roads in the municipality of Copenhagen (which does not include Frederiksberg). This means that all the trees for example at ‘Amager Fælled’ are not included, so when looking at results and conclusion remember to take this into account! 



Below a map of the 10 neighbourhoods in Copenhagen can be seen. 

The neighbourhood of Frederiksberg is not in the municipality of Copenhagen and is left out of this analysis due to a lack of data.

In the map below the intensity of green indicates the number of trees in the neigbourhood. 

Use the hovertool to learn more about the neighbourhood. 


BLA BAL BAL BLA


You can see the procentages in each neighbourhood in relation with all of Copenhagen
{% include MapNeighbourhoodsOnly.html %}

The distribution of trees, area, population and housing prices can be seen below:
{% include dataExplorationInteractive.html %}
Great, but how do these features relate to the number of trees, where is the largest?
{% include TreesPer100People.html %}
{% include TreesPerKM2.html %}
okay but what about trees for your buck 
    Here we have a plot
Does house prices have a correlation with the amount of trees that have been planted the last 10 years.  
    Plot showing number of trees
Here we have all trees with not registered muted
{% include allTrees.html %}
{% include StackedBarchart2.html %}
Bio diversitet følsomhed. 
Heg har det godt


If you want to take a walk here are some interesting ideas for trees to find
Link to trees: 
So which tree is most isolated 

other and 1900 muted
{% include OldestTree.html %}

{% include LonliestTree.html %}

Donor
{% include DonorTree.html %}

{% include SpecialTree.html %}


